        ===== Introduction =====

proffer.pl is an irssi script to provide xdcc bot functionality created by pink_mist
(#shameimaru @ irc.rizon.net). The inspiration for this script was mainly iroffer by pmg
<http://iroffer.org/>. If you want a more efficient xdcc bot, that is a better bet, as
this is after all just a small script running in irssi.

Website: http://github.com/pink-mist/proffer

        ===== Installation =====

Load in irssi by placing the script or a symlink to it in `~/.irssi/scripts/´ and in
irssi type `/script load proffer.pl´. Or if you want to autoload it on irssi startup,
also place a symlink in `~/.irssi/scripts/autorun/´.

By default, proffer writes its internal state when shutdown to `~/.irssi/proffer.state´.
This includes files added to the file-list, record speeds and transfer-statistics.
Queues are not kept on shutdown.

        ===== Setup =====

To setup file-sharing, just set proffer_channels to a list of channels you want to share
in and add files to the bot:

 * /set proffer_channels #shameimaru #test
 * /proffer_add ~/sources/perl/proffer/proffer.pl
 * /proffer_add ~/xdcc files/

That's all that's necessary. There are some other options that you can tweak to how you
like them, see the help for more info.

        ===== License =====

Copyright 2011 pink_mist. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of
      conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list
      of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
      provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY pink_mist ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the
authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed
or implied, of pink_mist.

        ===== Known Bugs =====

This is a list of all currently known bugs in the script.

 * Does not support XDCC STOP to stop current xdcc listing.
     -- Not planned to be fixed.
 * Some messages do not conform to how iroffer and its offshoots report things.
     -- May fix some of these, but probably not all.
 * XDCC responses aren't always hidden even if they should be.

No other known bugs at this time.
